
3) Template : It is combination of HTML and CSS where developer can desing UI.

4) Decorator: Decorator tells to angular how to process on class.

5) Metadata: Metadata is data about data. also gives extra info about the decorator.



1. Flow of Angular 
		1) Angular.json ===> First entry point of angular. From this file will get main.ts file path. So angular will give call to main.ts.

		2) Main.ts ===> Second entry point of angula project. This file is reponsible for bootstrapping process of angular project. 
						From this file angular will get root module. By default Appmodule is the root module we can chnage our root module as well.
						So main.ts will give call to app module.
		
		3) app.module: There are two types of modules root module and feature module. App module is root module. this file consist of import, export, declarations,
						providers, boostrap. From boostrap app module will get root component so call will give to root component.
						
		4) app.comp : comp consist of class, template, decorator. class is havingt the selector. In comp we have business logic which will be executed.
						Then call will be given to index.html.
						
		5) index.html: It is reponsible for SPA. It is a only one HTML page from whole angular project which will be loaded on browser.
	
	
 ** Data Binding:
	Binding is used to bind static as well as dynamic data.
	As well used to communicate from html to ts and ts to html.
	
	a) Interpolation:
		Used to bind the static as well as dyanamic data from comp.ts to comp.html.
		It is aslo called as one way data binding. i.e. one way of communication.
		syntax: {{propertyName}}
		
	b) Property or Attribute Binding:
		This is used to communicate from comp.ts to comp.html.
		Binds the data to the attribute/ propperty.
		
		syntax: [attrName] = "propertyName"
		
	c) Event Binding:
		It is used to communicate from comp.html to comp.ts.
		It is also one way type of communication.
		It is based on angular/javascript events.
		syntax : (click) = "eventName()"
		
		
	d) Two way data binding:
		This is used to communicate from ts to html and html to ts.
		it is combination of propperty binding and event bidning.
		
		