Agile :

Git : 

1. open git bash or git.
2. git clone repoUrl --- > Clone or download the repository code at your local.
3. git init ----> initilize the git in the folder.
4. git add ---> will add the files whatever we need to commit.
	git add . ----> will add all the files.
	git add home.comp.html ---> will add home comp.html file only.
5. git commit -m "Home dropdonw impl"
6. git push origin branchName -- code will be pushed into that branchName branch.
7. git status ----> will give the files status whether asses or not.


Software development methods:
1. Waterfall : complete application will be developed first and then handover to the client with all the features. 
				In this case user cann't use the application until it is developed completely.
2. Agile: Application will be handover to the client feature by feature.


Company Name: Claritech
Client: XYZ 
Project Name: Constrotech
Requirements:
1. home screen
2. login and register
3. portfolio
4. city wise impl


Bitbucket:

Constrotech:
 Agile Process:
	1. Business Analyst: will responsible for communication between client and comp. will gather the requirement. e.g. Rajnikant.
	   BA will collect CRS (Customer Requirements Specification) document.
	2. BA or Scrum Master/ Manager will create SRS(Software Requirements Specification) document from CRS, which include all the technologies and requirements.
	3. Scrum Master or BA will devide SRS into small part based on feature and client's requirements i.e. Sprint.
	4. Scrum master will create an user stories under each sprint.
	5. Scrum will start the sprint.
	
	
	Agile Terms:
	Sprint: Complete application will be break into functionalities and delivered to client by frequent period i.e. 7, 15 or 30 days.
	Scrum: Daily meeting or standup call for the regular update.
			1) What u have done today ?
			2) What are u going to do tomorrow.
			3) Is there any roadblock ? 
	Scrum Master: Who can handle daily activity e.g.  Shubham.
	Scrum Team: Developer as tester are the part of scrum team.
	User Story: Each task is devided into user story.
			e.g. US 1: To Desing an header and footer for the constro app.
				 US 2: To design and develop the login/ register screen.
				 
	Sub task: Complete user story will be devided into samll tasks.
	e.g. US 2: To design and develop the login/ register screen.
	     Sub-task: 	1. Design an login screen. e.g. Surekha
					2. Design an register screen. e.g. Sachin
					3. API integration for login screen. e.g Sidheshwar
					4. API integration for register screen. e.g Sidheshwar
					5. Functional testing for login/ register. e.g. Surekha, Sachin, Sidheshwar.
		
	Backlog: Storage of all the user stories.
	
	Defect : Fault in earlier strint user story.
	e.g : Def 1: Login screen: CSS is breaking. and tester will assing this defect to Surekha.
	
	Deployment/ Env: 
	project name: constrotech.
	domain: www.constrotech.com
	tester: Vaibhav
	
	Local: Where application will be developed.
	dev : Here all the developer as well as scrum master can test the application.
		url : www.constrotech-dev.com 
	sit: Here the application will be tested by tester and log a defects in the sprint.
		url: www.constrotech-sit.com
	uat: here application will be tested by scrum master/ manager/ BA / client.
		url: www.constrotech-uat.com
		
	prod: Only end user are having access to this env.
		url: www.constrotech.com
		
		
		Sprint 1:
		1 Jun to 3 Jun : Sprint Planning: BA and SM will discuss the requirement and scope of the sprint.
		
		4 Jun to 14 Jun : Actual development happen with daily scrum meeting.
		
		15 Jun: Code will be deployed to Dev- round 1. Here all the developer will test the complete application.
		
		16 Jun: Will deploy the application to SIT round 1.
		
		16 Jun to 17 Jun: tester will test the application and raise a defect if found.
		
		18 Jun to 19 Jun: Developer will fix all the bugs.
		
		20 Jun: Code will be deployed to Dev round 2. Here all the developer will test the complete application.
		
		21 Jun: Will deploy the application to SIT round 2.
		
		22 Jun: Tester will test complete application along with raised defects.
		
		23 Jun- 25 Jun: Application will be deployed to UAT env.  Here BA, SM, Client will test the application. 
				If found all things are proper then will go ahead with prod.
				
		26 Jun: Application will be deployed to prod env. End user can access the application.
		
		28 Jun: Sprint Retrospective: positive and negative points will be discuss which was happened during the development.
		
		
		
		Sprint 2: 
			1 Jul to 3 Jul : Sprint Planning.
			
			4 Jul to 14 Jul: Actual development.